I.Insurance Database

Consider the Insurance database given below. 
PERSON (driver – id #: String, name: string, address: string)
CAR (regno: string, model: string, year: int)
ACCIDENT (report-number: int, accd-date: date, location: string)
OWNS (driver-id #: string, regno: string)
PARTICIPATED (driver-id: string, Regno: string, report-number: int, damage amount: int)

1.	Find the total number of people who owned cars that were involved in accidents in 	1989.
2.	Find the number of accidents in which the cars belonging to “John Smith” were 	involved.

3.	Update the damage amount for the car with reg number “KA-12” in the accident with 	report number “1” to $3000.

II. Order Database 

Consider the following relations for an order processing database application in a company:

CUSTOMER (cust #: int, cname: string, city: string)
ORDER (order #: int, odate: date, cust #: int, ord-Amt: int)
ORDER – ITEM (order #: int, item #: int, qty: int)
ITEM (item #: int, unit price: int)
SHIPMENT (order #: int, warehouse#: int, ship-date: date)
WAREHOUSE (warehouse #: int, city: string)

1.	Produce a listing: CUSTNAME, #oforders, AVG_ORDER_AMT, where the middle column is 	the total numbers of orders by the customer and the last column is the average order 	amount for that customer.
2.	For each item that has more than two orders , list the item, number of orders that 	are  shipped from atleast two warehouses and total  quantity of items shipped
3.	List the customers who have ordered for every item that the company produces

III. Consider the following database of student enrollment in courses & books adopted for each course:

STUDENT (regno: string, name: string, major: string, bdate: date)
COURSE (course #: int, cname: string, dept: string)
ENROLL (regno: string, course#: int, sem: int marks: int)
BOOK _ ADOPTION (course#: int, sem: int, book-ISBN: int)
TEXT (book-ISBN: int, book-title: string, publisher: string, author: string)

1.	Produce a list of text books (include Course #, Book-ISBN,Book-title) in the 	alphabetical order for courses offered by th   ‘CS’ department that use more than 	two books.
2.	List any department that has all its adopted books published by a specific publisher
3.	List the bookISBNs and book titles of the department that has maximum number of 	students

IV. The following tables are maintained by a book dealer:
AUTHOR (author-id: int, name: string, city: string, country: string)
PUBLISHER (publisher-id: int, name: string, city: string, country: string)
CATALOG (book-id: int, title: string, author-id: int, publisher-id: int, category-id: int, year: int, price: int)
CATEGORY (category-id: int, description: string)
ORDER-DETAILS (order-no: int, book-id: int, quantity: int)

1.	Find the author of the book which has maximum sales.
2.	Increase the price of the books published by a specific publisher by 10%
3.	Find the number of orders for the book that has minimum sales. 

V.  Consider the following database for a banking enterprise:
BRANCH (branch-name: string, branch-city: string, assets: real)
ACCOUNT (accno: int, branch-name: string, balance: real)
DEPOSITOR (customer-name: string, accno: int)
CUSTOMER (customer-name: string, customer-street: string, customer-city: string)
LOAN (loan-number: int, branch-name: string, amount: real)
BORROWER (customer-name: string, loan-number: int)


1.	Find all the customers who have atleast 2  accounts at all the branches located in a 	specific city.
2.	Find all the customers who have accounts in atleast 1 branch located in all the 	cities
3.	Find all the customers who have accounts in atleast 2 branches located in a specific 	city.
